So lets say we get phrases like this:

What is the temperature?

computer please open a new terminal

Are there any severe weather alerts?


So first thing we have is question words:
what_WP is_VBZ the_DT temperature?_NN

What -> WP -> Whpronoun
is -> VBZ -> Verb, 3rd person singular present
the -> DT -> Determiner
temperature -> NN -> Noun, singular or mass


so in this case, 'What' means we need to determine something.  This code stays in the program.
'is' I think in this case is superfluous.  As we could easily also say "What the temperature?" and the meaning still comes across.
'the' here is subtle.  'the' is asking for a particular temperature.  If we said 'What is a temperature?' we could be asking 1 of 2 
different things.  The most likely would be in the case of someone being sick.  Think of a child going "What is a temperature?" when
a parent or doctor says "you have a temperature", as in you have a fever.  The other possibility is that we just want any temperature
vaule, but not anyone in particular.  This isn't so much relavent here, but it makes a big different in something like 'I'm going to a store' vs
I'm going to the store.

So in this case, I think we can safely use just the question word 'What' and the noun 'temperature'.

So the 'What' question means we should query the database for a noun 'temperature'.  If we find that, that will point us to a
"module", which is another script/program that performs the weather lookup and sends back the output.

-------
ok so what about "computer please open a new terminal".
computer_NN please_VB open_VB a_DT new_JJ terminal_NN

'computer' here referes specifically to this computer.  While not necessary in this case with only one listening program,
if we have multiple listening computers in the same room with different purposes, we could use this to differenicate between them.
'please' here is verb, but it's not asking to something specifically, but asking to do whatever politely.  In our case,
we could speak about a more polite response.  Beyond that it's not really necessary at this point.  In furuture architectures,
we could change what we want to do (or not do) by detecting this verb.
'open' is what we are trying to do.  So we need to open something.  And that something is a 'terminal', which is a noun.
'a' the determiner, indicates we don't want a specific something, just any new terminal will be fine.
'new' is an adjective.  In this case, we don't really open an old terminal (unless we translate this as bring it up on the screen...maybe).

So in this case, we query a list of verbs in the database for 'open'.  That will take us to a new table of things that we can open.
From there we query the new table for nouns, in this case 'terminal'.  'terminal' then points to another module, which will open the new terminal.

-----
Are there any severe weather alerts?
Are_VBP there_RB any_DT severe_JJ weather_NN alerts?_NN 

'Are' is a verb, meaning we want some information.  This one is more confusing, as we have 2 related nouns.  I'll think about this one later.
